Thanks for watching!
Oh, the next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the of America, of the American people, is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us, to ruin maybe America.
I don't know.
Crash the dollar.
Steal the rest of our our what limited treasury value we have left.
I don't know.
But I know for sure
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I don't care if Monday's blue Tuesday's grey and Wednesday too Thursday, I don't care about you It's Friday, I'm in love Monday you can fall apart Tuesday, Wednesday break my heart Oh, Thursday doesn't even start It's Friday, I'm in love
Monday always comes to bed, and Friday never hesitated.
I don't care if Monday's black, Tuesday, Wednesday, hard to tell.
Thursday, never looking back.
It's Friday, I'm in love.
Monday, you can hold your head.
Tuesday, Wednesday, stay in bed on Thursday.
Watch the walls instead.
It's Friday, I'm in love.
Saturday, wait.
Sunday, always come to me.
But Friday, never hesitate.
Just look to the eyes.
It's a wonderful surprise to see your
It's
I don't care if Monday's blue Tuesday's grey and Wednesday too Thursday, I don't care about you It's Friday, I'm in love Monday you can fall apart Tuesday and Wednesday break my heart Thursday doesn't even start It's Friday, I'm in love
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, good evening, good night, wherever you are.
This is high noon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on the 13th of September 2024.
It is Friday the 13th and I am in love.
Um, yes, your consciousness is still the prime real estate that all these people are competing for.
Do you remember how absurd it was that they showed us these cartoons of RNA molecules and little injectable bubbles that went into the dendritic cell and the dendritic cell then expressed a protein and then presented it to T-cells?
Do you remember when they showed us all that stuff?
These same charlatans that had power over our parents?
Do you remember that these charlatans, as I told you, are not only the ones on TV, but also the ones on social media?
Many of whom have been cooperating for decades.
It's really quite creepy when you see it.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is GigaOM Biological, the escape key on the internet.
One of the only ones available, but I did advertise for a few more at the beginning of this show.
I'd like to remind you first off that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
And I'm going to spend the next I don't know how long trying to make sure that every high school kid grows up and leaves his house or her house
knowing these things to be true and understanding the biology that underpins them.
Over the last five years, they've tried desperately with this orchestrated theater on the internet to convince you that a mystery virus is responsible for most of the excess deaths in America, around the world.
You shouldn't care about anything else, quite frankly.
and this illusion has been created with a series of misdirections that has involved a lot of murder and a lot of lies and that misdirection and that murder and lies has resulted in a
an illusion being created where there is zero epidemiological evidence of spread and almost no one on the internet pointing that out.
No one talking about strict liability or the many violations of our basic 7th Amendment right to sue for damages that are currently codified in legislative law in America.
It's crazy.
And why?
Why would they do this?
Well,
They needed this murder and lies in order to conceal the truth about the vaccine schedule, the truth about transfection, the truth about virology.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and in fact even before
The pandemic, the vaccine schedule in the USA was a criminal enterprise and RNA cannot pandemic.
We've known that for a long time.
And it has been the goal of the national security state to make sure that our children never learn that truth.
And unfortunately, these people are wittingly or unwittingly cooperating in the misleading of the young, the passing along of this mythology.
And I don't know if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a witting or unwitting participant.
I suspect a lot of the others are witting participants.
I think it's very hard to believe that somebody that didn't complete a degree in college and instead became a productive member of the Human Genome Project is on our team.
But instead, part of this creating of an illusion of consensus, a limited spectrum of debate that has been enforced by these people, wittingly or unwittingly, and us on the internet.
That's us there in the chair.
We are trying to save the universe by putting on goggles and grabbing a joystick and pushing pedals.
And the simulation is really cool.
And the Empire and all the Star Wars stuff seems really real in our goggles.
What you're really doing, essentially, when you start to think that Steve Kirsch is coming to your rescue, or that Brett Weinstein is coming to your rescue, or that Kevin McKernan is somehow risking anything to come to your rescue, or that Sasha Latapova and her daughter are patriots,
You're really just falling, you're just getting into the chair and willingly engaging in this highly, highly entertaining narrative, but it's a complete illusion.
You're not fighting anyone when you do that.
You are engaging in the new kind of totalitarianism.
where it'll feel really cool and it'll look really cool and the images will be really sharp but uh they will just be quietly running the show as they see fit and who's really responsible for this are these acolytes on social media these people who have masqueraded as saviors have masqueraded as people coming to our rescue
And at times tried to make me feel like I was one of them coming to the rescue.
And I know now the truth that I'm definitely not coming to the rescue.
That something much larger than me is the only thing that can rescue us.
And these weaponized piles of money have used their acolytes on social media to convince us what to argue about and with whom to argue.
Participating in the argument accepts the premise of their narrative by default.
And we are governed by a theater that spans from mainstream media to all social media platforms, including all sides of their mythologies.
Who are you talking to?
You're talking to a recovering Academy magician, somebody who used to want tenure and has a long track record to prove it.
I've come out and lost my career as a result of trying to figure this out.
And many of these meddlers have misled me into believing that I was helping or doing the right thing.
And this long list that I covered yesterday actually shows you why.
I probably have seen the real alien.
So this is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by biologists.
This is the 13th of September, 2024.
Let me get over here and see if I can make this work.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm the biologist that brings you this show.
I've got a quite a good one for you today.
It's mostly a shout out, but I just really always have to give this summary, always have to kind of bring us onto the same page.
I think it's really important for anybody joining for the first time that I always do this.
I think there's a concerted effort by these
these non grassroots heroes that have come to our rescue on white horses and spoke in front of Senator Ron Johnson's adjacent Senate room a couple times and have been at these international COVID summits, want us to believe that indeed they are saving us from the bad COVID shot, but they just don't want you to think about 2020 and 2021 very much.
Because if you do, you might find out that a lot of these people made very sure
that none of us would usefully question the national security narrative before 2021.
And the essential effect of that is that the uptake of transfection in our oldest members of our society was as successful as they could have hoped it to be.
And that has resulted in exactly what they needed to occur, this just general acquiescence to the idea that something needed to be done, something was done, and although it was rushed, a lot of people were saved.
And I think that's why somebody like Robert Malone is pretending to come to our rescue and only pretending to come to our rescue in 2021.
That's the reason why, if I can switch down here to the bottom, that's the reason why they created this illusion of consensus in the first place, and why many of these people are essentially equivalent now.
These two authors of the
of the fake objection to the WHO PCR test in 2020.
These two authors of substacks and pretend journalists, one on one side and one on the other, one American, one Canadian, Israeli.
This guy, for example, who was working for DITRA at the beginning of the pandemic and has
hovered around the coattails of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
since the beginning of the pandemic, that Children's Health Defense is selling his third or fourth book by now probably, and this clown that has been on YouTube for no other reason than to be famous, and so that he was obviously just used like
like the little star that he wanted to be.
And so whoever and however they are used for whatever reason, you know, you go back to Claire Craig, she was advocating for widespread genetic testing before the pandemic because she's a clinical pathologist and thinks that genetic testing could be really useful in tracking down the causes of disease.
So he's not that dissimilar to somebody like Kevin McKernan, who for his entire lifetime has been advocating for the, well, for his entire professional career has been working with people who descend from people who have been advocating for turning the entire world population into a genetic test.
factory, a genetic testing giant experiment, because that's what's necessary in order to correct the human genome.
His former supervisor, Mark Lander, said it.
His father was into microarray technologies, one of the crucial pieces of the puzzle as we move through the evolution of sequencing technologies that started in the Human Genome Project.
And so it's not for nothing that someone like Kevin McKernan just happened to come out in 2020 and say, Hey, I'm sequencing the weed because I'm a weed geneticist.
It's not for nothing at all.
In fact, it's actually part of this narrative control.
It's probably because Robert Malone and him are part of the same DITRA team for far as I know.
Department of Energy, you know, this whole really nukes, it's all the same thing.
DITRA was nukes.
It's all very top secret State Department, you know, whatever.
All the same people are involved.
And these are the people that created the illusion of consensus from 2020.
This guy, we've watched three different podcasts from him in 2020, talking about how PCR works and, and why it works and why it needs to be used even on the weed.
And so that's why I get very worked up over the, I'm gonna escape for this just for a second and then come back to the slide.
That's why I get very worked up over what happened on Twitter because I was part of this Twitter group at the beginning of the pandemic that kind of coordinated all this international intrigue about what was happening with regard to the coverup of the lab leak.
And I bought into that.
I really fell for that hook, line, and sinker and thought most of those people were spontaneous collection of heroes and I was just one of them.
And that continued as long as I engaged on Twitter, I was a vulnerable to these people that would come and pose as allies, but the whole time they were kind of interested in getting me to re-engage in this way.
So that I'm essentially sitting in the chair and by retweeting Jessica Hockett or retweeting Jonathan Engler, I think I'm fighting the empire and I'm not because those people work for the empire.
That's why Jonathan Engler wrote the worst virology review ever while trying to get me to help him write it.
And Jessica Hockett was the one who encouraged me to do it in the first place.
So we have a number of Americans.
And you can kind of see their stain best on X, because that's where this stuff was all started.
Even Kevin McKernan said it repeatedly on those podcasts in 2020, that it seems like the debate right now is happening on Twitter.
So that then later on, we could say that Twitter was being censored.
And so that later on, we could say that Elon Musk has rescued us.
And so that later on these exact same people could be advocating for X to replace
Or be the substitute for free speech.
Or the, let's say, accepted equivalent of free speech on the internet.
And that's awful.
But that's what's happening here.
That's why those people are the ones who still have hundreds of thousands of followers on Twitter.
and have blocked me after four time interacting with me as an ally.
And it's not because I'm particularly dislikable, it's because the biology that I put forth very simply in three sentences, four if you count the bottom one, that they just can't acknowledge, they can't discuss at any depth.
They have to instead make memes with shotguns in my mouth or claim that I'm working for any number of amorphous weaponized piles of money that they themselves are most likely directly employed by.
The funders of Substack, the money that gets laundered through Substack, the money gets laundered through Locals, the money that gets laundered through Rumble.
Those are the people who are advocating for rumble and for live on X and for X being paid.
They are doing it.
The same people who delayed our acknowledgement that something wasn't right in 2020 and 2021 long enough for us to be
vulnerable in our elderly populations, vulnerable to the separation from our college kids because we weren't usefully prepared for them to go back to university.
It was still an emergency thanks to these people.
And so not to belabor the point, but you know, these are the charlatans that you need to be most concerned about because these are the people that are pretending to come to our rescue from these people.
And it's all one big theater.
I got a very interesting email and concerning email from a viewer the other day.
And I wanted to make a little comment on it now.
She said that she was scared.
You know, she had watched my last few streams and she just was very scared because, quite frankly, we had met in Boston at Bobby's announcement and, you know, she takes my perspective quite seriously.
You know, what I've been saying lately has left her pretty scared.
And what I told her, number one, is that if you're a little nervous about what's to come in the next couple months, I think that's natural because that means you're awake.
If you're riding in a car and things don't sound right, or you're going faster than you think you should, it's normal to be nervous.
And with no, I have no doubt in my mind that it's a normal feeling to feel something is wrong and that something might be imminent.
I don't know if it is, but that's kind of the feeling you get when there's so much contradiction and there's so much incongruency and yet everyone is more and more and more convinced that it's whatever they're seeing is real.
And that becomes very disconcerting if you see how committed, but remember, where are you seeing it?
I can't stress enough.
Where are you seeing it?
You're seeing it here.
You're not seeing it on the street.
You're not seeing it at your church.
You're not seeing it at the basketball game.
You're not seeing it at the gym.
You're seeing it here.
And whatever you see here is an illusion.
It is an illusion that is programmed into the algorithm, maybe for you, but maybe not.
Maybe just because you decided that you were in A group or B group that you now get the B group feed.
I don't think we need to attribute too much magic to the algorithms.
Just know that whatever you see here is meant to be seen.
whatever you see here is meant to occupy one of those 30,000 thoughts that you're capable of having every day and depriving you of those thoughts that could otherwise be used for something useful.
And if we think about the whole system as a theater right now, if we think of it as a theater and we think of that as a stage, then why get stressed out about what's coming next on stage?
That would be kind of silly, right?
Instead, we need to make ourselves ready.
And I think that's a spiritual thing.
I think that's a community thing.
I think that's a family thing.
We need to bond with those around us regularly about this, about where we are and where we're going and why it is that we're gonna make the choices that we make in the near future.
One of those choices might be to not even engage in the election.
One of those choices might be to attribute the election to the same theater as the pandemic, the same theater as all the other things that we know are going on around the world or supposedly because we see it here.
And if the election indeed is another one of those things, then we don't need to be stressed about it.
We know that whatever's going to happen is going to happen.
And chances are pretty good the theater is not dependent on your vote.
And so you might say that by engaging in the vote, you are helping yourself to suspend disbelief and think that maybe one of these people is going to save us.
Only when Americans save America are we done.
Would this happen?
And right now, we're not in that situation.
And I don't know exactly how to imagine it, but I know we're not there yet.
And so again, I think the best thing is to pray for courage to deal with whatever comes in the near future.
Pray for good health for you and your family and friends and for everyone around you.
And pray that you have the opportunity to shed a little light, a little bit of Christ's light somewhere every day, and that you are aware of that opportunity and seize it.
That's about the best you can do.
Pray that you can be a servant to those people around you that you love and find a way to be as selfless as possible today in a way that you weren't yesterday.
Lead by example.
and remain humble.
I mean, that's about all we can do until we get the power back from these charlatans.
And that needs to be a collective thing.
It's gonna be something that none of us are gonna be able to do because of our charisma or because of our fancy wipes or good lighting.
It's only gonna happen when powers larger than us make it happen.
And so we have to surrender to that.
We have to be a leaf in the stream a bit.
The murder and lies are what we have to focus on.
I think we need a new consensus about these things.
I don't need to repeat them too much more.
I do think there are good explanations for a few things, and I think it's important to keep emphasizing that highly intelligent, very sophisticated molecular biologists with decades of experience, like Kevin McKernan, have never bothered to explain how PCR might be highly accurate on an academic bench, but a complete lie for something like a coronavirus.
Instead, he started in 2020 explaining how easily it could be used to detect the virus, even on weed.
I think it's really important to see how the population pyramid being inverted provided an opportunity, which is something that I was quite regularly hammering in 2021.
And at some point I got distracted and stopped it.
So I'm going to come back to that today.
And then finally, again, nobody's talking about, no one on either side is talking about how virology can be a lie.
But the use of transfection and transformation can be misconstrued as virology and in fact often is.
It's actually very, very extraordinary how that last statement is being ignored and how the middle statement has been ignored since I mentioned it.
And so I do want to do that first.
And in order to do that, I just need to draw a couple very quick cartoons.
And so I will do that now.
Hopefully this is going to work.
Oops, like that.
And then this.
Yes.
Okay, so if you're not familiar with a population pyramid, this is just a review for those people who are not familiar with it.
And I just going to make a very quick point about the population pyramid.
that I will point out right now that Denny Rancor doesn't seem to take into account in any of his data.
And it is something that I've talked to him about before.
And since I have a meeting with him on the 16th, it's going to be live on the Jason Levine show.
This is one of the things that I'm going to bring up.
And so I don't want it to be a surprise.
So I'm going to present it here very cursorily and, and, and, uh,
from a broad perspective with a basic cartoon so that people can understand the point that I'm making and the potential opportunity that's there.
So first of all, let's go back to this picture again and remember that the actual excess deaths that we're talking about with murder and lies is actually not that big.
When they showed it to us like this on the PBS News Hour, it looked like, wow, look at all that's thousands.
But then when you put it in the context of between 70 and 55,000 Americans dying every week, because we have a pretty big population and almost 3 million people die every year, then the actual increase is not quite as dramatic.
And so you don't need to explain millions of deaths like the NIH would like you to believe.
You don't need to explain millions of deaths like a lot of these so-called dissidents like even Robert Malone or Meryl Nass would like you to believe.
I think even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would probably tell you that more than a million people in America were killed by COVID, and that is wrong.
Those people were almost exclusively murdered and lied about.
And the opportunity that the population pyramid presents in America is the same problem that people were talking about with regard to Medicare and the coming impending bankruptcy of it and that system already a decade ago.
And so where does that fit here?
That fits right here.
So the population pyramid, in case you're unaware, is a graph where you have the total number of people on the x-axis going away from zero, and two big numbers this way, like that.
And this is males and females.
And then going up this way, you have age.
Whoops, I started looking at the camera there.
That's funny.
You have age.
And so you can make a graph, you can make a shape of a pyramid for a population and describe how it is.
Now, typically, you can imagine at the top where people are 100 years old, if this is 100.
then there are very few males and maybe a little more females, right?
Could be like that.
And then the population pyramid might just go down like this.
And so you have a lot of kids.
And then as people get older, they die.
Right?
That's what a population pyramid might look like in a standard country like Mexico.
If we, and if anybody has any trouble with this, there's lots of stuff on the internet.
These are all bars of different ages, right?
And these are men on this, are females on this side and males on this side.
and just imagining what the population pyramid looks like.
And then if you add this all up, it would be all the people in the country.
So we can make this population pyramid to reflect a number of different sort of states of a Western-type country.
And a country like Japan might actually look a bit more like this.
where the population is distributed in such a way so that at the top, they actually have a lot of hundred year olds.
And there's a lot of people after retirement age.
And a lot of these young people really live to be very old.
It's almost like not a pyramid anymore.
And so now I want you to imagine what happens if, for example, through history,
You could watch how Japan changed from this to this.
What you would see is this transition from a pyramid to kind of a bump.
You could even imagine a scenario in a country like America where a period of prosperity, you know, maybe like after World War II or something like that, might result in a
what was a normal pyramid having a little bump in it where the elderly population right here we might call these people I don't know what could we name these people we call them something funny like maybe the the baby boomers
because they had a lot of kids after they came back from World War II.
So there was this little population spike and it never really normalized into the population pyramid.
Now I want you to imagine what would happen if this little bump was kind of timed so that the bump was approaching the sort of natural age of death.
Let's say the natural age of death is 80.
And so when the baby boomer generation gets to around 80, we should expect all-cause mortality in America to kind of spike a little bit, just like births spiked all the way back after World War II, like probably college applications spiked as these kids became college age, as the
Do you see as the car sales spiked when these people, you see, when their kids became six, do you see what happens here?
The population pyramid may have provided the perfect opportunity, the perfect opportunity to cry very, very vigorously about, oh my gosh, there's so many old people dying and it's continuing into the future.
It's still happening now.
But what if it was always expected to happen because the baby boomer generation represents a population spike in a pyramid, in a pyramid that was already destined to become a little bit like Japan, but because of the baby boomer generation actually has an additional little bump here.
And how big does the bump need to be?
It doesn't really need to be that big for the bump to create something like this using murder and lies.
because it doesn't have to be all murder and lies.
It can be a combination of a lot of old people and murder and lies and also opiates and ventilators and remdesivir and midazolam and the lack of use of antibiotics to treat what would normally be treated as pneumonia is always treated with antibiotics because you have people all around the internet saying that there's such thing as a viral pneumonia.
The Population Pyramid provided an inverted opportunity, if you will, to complain about something of excess deaths, when excess deaths don't actually tell you anything if you don't know very much about the Population Pyramid.
And now I would like to hear from Denny Rancourt about how the Population Pyramid of America was expected to impact all-cause mortality in the coming five years, and whether or not this
This could have just been an orchestrated use of an already expected increase over the next four or five years.
But this use doesn't require Medicaid to pay for their last six months of life anymore, which was between half a million and a million dollars each back when they were worried about it in the 90s.
Anyway, that's the reason why Robert Malone didn't come out until 2021.
Before that, he was busy with delaying our revelations and making sure that our old people and that bump in the population pyramid was taken advantage of and made sure that nobody interpreted it any other way than, oh my gosh, what a crisis.
Don't let an opportunity go to waste, they would say.
And I would suggest that this is a pretty big opportunity right here, this little baby boomer bump.
Go do the research for yourself.
The actual data is there.
You can find that that's what was what expected to come.
And you don't think people like Tony Fauci and Francis Collins would have known that was coming if they have been planning for over a generation to eventually invert our sovereignty to test subject status?
Please, ladies and gentlemen, see the huge opportunity that was there.
And the fact of the matter is this guy has been part of this for decades.
And that's why he came out as a fake, a fake hero.
I think that's why a lot of people are probably fake heroes.
Another one that I'm a little concerned about is James Lyons Wyler.
The reason why I'm concerned about him is because he was in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the beginning of the pandemic.
And he wrote a blog in February of 2020 as a pathologist at the University of Pittsburgh, apparently with some kind of weird appointment about the fear and cleavage site and about how that meant it was a lab leak.
I didn't understand how he would know, but I guess he was a real smart guy, but he wouldn't talk to me until he moved to Michigan a year later.
Now what I find really strange about him is that he wrote a book before the pandemic called The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism, which gets me real fired up because I think the whole idea of genetic causes of autism is
is a semantic enchantment that is designed to bamboozle all of academia into believing there can't really be any environmental causes.
And environmental causes are much more difficult to chase down and much more variable for each kid.
So we might as well focus on the low-hanging fruit.
And since I'm an academic biologist and I need grants, I might as well focus on those genetic fruits.
And so wouldn't it be really curious if we were to roll back in time and go back to 2019 and find James Lyons Weiler advocating for genetic testing of kids to make the vaccine schedule safer?
Wouldn't that be weird?
Because he was on stage three times at the Children's Health Defense conferences that I've been to, on stage alone with the spotlight, plugging his own work and his own organizations and his own nonprofits.
Listen carefully.
Hi, I'm Dr. James Lyons-Weiler from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the Institute for Peer and Applied Knowledge.
I came here at the request of people who wanted to help educate the Ways and Means Committee on the epidemiology of measles and infectious diseases.
with respect to the bill being considered to remove personal belief exemptions, medical and religious exemptions.
And, you know, I only had two minutes to speak, and so what I didn't get to tell the committee, and I'm grateful to be able to speak right now, is that
There are some 35 to 40,000 families in Oregon who do not vaccinate.
That population is enriched for risk factors for vaccine injury because many of them do not vaccinate because of prior experience with
bad outcomes from vaccination.
Now, the CDC thinks that a seizure is, says that a seizure is a mild, non-serious adverse reaction, but a parent that sees their child undergo a seizure, develop seizure disorder, and maybe die after multiple seizures.
Really, we have a unique situation in Oregon where these 35,000 to 40,000 families represent a self-selected subtype of the population that may be enriched for biomarkers for vaccine injury.
And so, what I think we should be talking about is how do we canvas the population and do studies to look at their genetics to see if there's an increased risk of vaccine injury
that we can then use as prospective biomarkers to predict who would come out with a bad outcome from vaccinations.
Canvas the population?
This is April of 2019.
Canvas the population so that we can make the vaccine schedule safe.
All about the biology of vaccines right here, right?
Really close to saying intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, right?
it's spectacular.
Some.
Some families.
biomarkers biomarkers years developing biomarkers for the efficacy of treatments in cancer that's rational that's it's weird right because he's doing biomarkers just like claire craig was doing biomarkers before she started and she was also a pathologist and it's weird right because this all plays into this motivation
which is codified in all these books that we are talking about all the time where oh my gosh they have been meaning to test everybody for so long because it's finally time for us to pull our big boy pants on and take control of our own evolution and that's why Brett Weinstein equals James Lyon Weiner
equals Robert Malone, equals Robert F. Kennedy Jr., equals Merrill Nass, equals oh my goodness, where are we going now?
precision medicine, and we really need to start thinking about this.
We have 35,000, that's rational, that's precision medicine, and we really need to start thinking about this.
We have 35,000 ex-vaccinating families.
They're not anti-vaxxers.
former pro-vaxxers who stopped vaccinating due to vaccine injury.
And given that they're enriched for that risk, there's a really good, unique opportunity here.
So I'm happy to say that Dr. Paul Thomas and I are doing vaccinated versus unvaccinated studies.
He's a local pediatrician here who's extremely ethical.
He follows the federal guidelines for informed choice, informed consent.
And as long as this guy represents him,
then there's always gonna be somebody saying that there's a genetic component and we owe it to ourselves and the kids of the future to find those genetic components.
The doctor that he's talking about could be a great guy and could have all the data that shows that vaccines are dumb, that combinations of substances injected intramuscularly to augment the immune system is just dumb, it doesn't work, it hurts a lot of kids.
They could have all that data, but still, who's he publishing it with?
Who will the paper be withdrawn with?
Who will the paper be represented by?
As long as most of the time it's represented by him and he's advocating for this and how he's been working on biomarkers for his whole career, our children are test subjects.
So he has people in his practice that vaccinate, do not vaccinate, and sometimes vaccinate.
And what I hear a lot today from the people that showed up yesterday at the rally is I hear that this- I mean, think about the idea that that guy, Paul Thomas, never really became famous with CHD until only last year, I think.
Look it up.
This is 2019.
You'd think that, you know, within a few months, they're going to have all that data, right?
Because they didn't need the data from the last two years if they're taking it from a practice.
Do you, you can even see the titration in real time.
You can see that he's stepping in front of Paul Thomas, making sure that the, the paper takes long enough.
And then when it came out, it finally got retracted.
Wow.
I'm stunned.
I mean, I never even watched this whole video.
I just knew that from the first minute that it was good.
Oh, I got to go back because I want to finish that video.
Sorry.
What I hear a lot today from the people that showed up yesterday at the rally is I hear that this is a matter of freedom, a matter of choice, a matter of liberty.
And that's absolutely true.
So for those people who want to take a vaccine, they can take a vaccine.
For those people who don't want to take a vaccine, they should have the right to opt.
Imagine if the government was telling you to shoot yourself in the foot.
And you thought that it's fine to tell people, well, you know, if you want to shoot yourself in the foot, go ahead.
Even though the government is telling you, you should shoot yourself in the foot and telling doctors to tell parents to shoot their kids in the foot.
Your way of saying, I don't want this to happen to other kids is to say, you know, it's up to parents.
I just want parents to be able to freely choose whether to follow the bad advice of the government to shoot themselves in the foot or their kids in the foot, or, you know, better yet, the doctors following the advice of the government telling the parents to shoot their kids in the foot.
And that's the best he can do.
Not just simply say, you know what, shooting your kids in the foot's pretty stupid.
Don't do that.
And your doctor should be smart enough, should know enough about gunshot wounds to know not to shoot your kid in the foot.
That's how mealy-mouthed this is.
That's how malevolent this is.
That's how dangerous it is right now, ladies and gentlemen, because the limited spectrum of debate is multidimensional and has been curated before the pandemic.
on the basis of their own personal choice.
The last thing that I want to say is, like pertussis and like the mumps, there is strong science that shows that measles infections, once you get a group of kids with measles in a population,
46 to 70% of the transmissions that occur, occur from people who have no symptoms whatsoever.
Like the mumps, like pertussis, you end up with asymptomatic infections.
These are carriers that bring the measles into the school without any symptoms whatsoever.
And if we think about it for a moment, that means that we need unvaccinated.
I'm sorry, but I did not see this part and I'm shocked.
He's actually talking about asymptomatic transmission of measles and other
viruses by vaccinated people, and he's talking about it months before the pandemic, when again, these issues would become paramount.
When again, in February, somehow or another, he knows that the fear and cleavage site is going to be a key piece of evidence that people are going to debate for a whole year about whether or not it's a laboratory created virus or just unlucky.
I mean, I don't think that this is serendipitous.
I don't think that he just happens to be a clever guy who stumbled upon things, like a Simpsons writer just happened to make the right cartoon about the right escalator.
kids in the schools to identify that there's a school with a transmission chain so that the kids with who are immunocompromised can know that those families can know that they need to take special steps to make sure that their kid doesn't get exposed to measles.
And that is the ultimate irony here is that this legislation would remove these kids from school, schools will
still have, every three to four years, measles will come into the United States.
That's the natural epidemiologic cycle of the measles virus.
It'll come into the United States, we'll have asymptomatic transmission, but nobody's going to be in a school to know that we have a transmission chain putting immunocompromised kids at increased risk.
You can check out my research on these matters and other matters at IPAknowledge.org.
I want to thank you for your time.
It's just spectacular.
We need unvaccinated kids to be canaries in the coal mine.
Otherwise, we will have rampant asymptomatic transmission of all of these diseases regularly going on behind the scenes.
I mean, I can hear the rationale for testing everyone, every other sentence he's talking about, whether it's talking about biomarkers or whether he's talking about asymptomatic transmission of vaccinated diseases.
in order to make sure that the immunocompromised people who can't take vaccines or the people with the special gene background that make them genetically predisposed to vaccine damage can be saved from measles by the... This is one of the people that CHD promotes as an expert because you can go back to the last two conferences they put on and he was one of the headline speakers at both over a couple days.
This is one of the experts that would share the stage with Meryl Nass.
This is one of the experts that they put up there with that Humphreys lady who knows much more about what she's talking about than him.
But he got three times on stage over two conferences and she got one.
you
This was before he helped Paul Thomas do the Unvaxed Vax Study.
He just mentioned it there though, that he was working on that.
And so what I think is happening there, what you see is that he got in front of him, he coordinated that with CHD, and then over a few years, they gradually got to the stage where they could show everybody that data.
But of course they had that data in 2017.
Why did they know?
Well, because they had the movie vaxed out already then.
If you look back and see how long it has taken since the original movie Vaxxed was released to get to where we are now, it's almost laughable.
They were talking about the movie Vaxxed on Good Morning America for shit's sake.
And you're telling me that that opportunity was just blown?
That Mary Holland was able to get on Democracy Now, but that opportunity was just blown?
It wasn't blown.
This has been a decade-long titration of the truth to eventually where, after they're ready, they can tell you, as part of the controlled demolition of America, that, yeah, the vaccine schedule was always pretty shitty.
Too bad we can fix it with precision medicine, like was described in 2019 by James Lyons Weiler.
I want to give a big shout out to Grace's dad because he's one of the few people that actually has a lawsuit and lost a daughter.
I haven't lost a kid to COVID, thank God.
But I definitely haven't lost a kid to protocols like Grace's dad did and many other people like Leslie Batts and some of the other people that Mark Kulak has talked to.
And so I wanna watch this stream because it is about a Tucker Carlson interview with a brother and sister duo that I tried desperately to ignore.
Everybody was like, oh my gosh, look at this man, you have to cover this.
And I watched the video and I just didn't buy it.
I didn't buy it, but I also didn't see what Grace's dad sees.
And I think what I wanna take from Grace's dad's
from Grace's dad's tact, if you will, how he goes about doing this, is he uses the word deception, and he uses it often.
I use lies.
And for whatever reason, lies is a more abrasive term, and deception is what it really is.
It's a very complex illusion.
And so we are being deceived.
It's by highly skilled and coordinated magicians, that's what we are, with the finest technologies at their disposal.
And that includes the informed consent, the lack of, the full consent of us every time we are scrolling like this.
And so I think Grace's dad is really good at,
at deprogramming.
And so I just thought it would be nice to just watch his stream here.
It's like an hour long.
I don't know if we'll make it through the whole thing, but I will try very hard and I will try as often as possible not to interrupt and hopefully just let him speak.
It's very interesting.
Again, it's about this Tucker Carlson interview with these two brother and sisters with a book to sell.
Good morning.
Today is Wednesday, September 4th.
And my name is Scott Sciarra.
I am Grace's dad.
And today we have quite a presentation to go through.
And it came about a couple of weeks ago.
I'll share that after we get to the opening slide.
Go ahead, Dom.
Let's just pull up the opening slide.
It's called The Devil in Disguise.
And you can see all these pictures that I put together for the cover.
And you'll kind of get a sense as to where we're going with this.
But before we get into the slide deck, let's go to the second slide, Don, because the reason I'm here is because my best buddy, Grace, who had Down syndrome, she was murdered in a hospital.
13th of 2021.
And I picked these two pictures because first of all, we have a lawsuit, one of the first wrongful death cases for this type of abuse in a hospital setting.
And I often get asked, what was my hair color like before we hired a legal team?
And that's the picture on the left.
And the picture on the right, we're going to tie it back at the end because Grace was quite an Elvis fan.
And this is her in front of a crowd singing Love Me Tender dressed up as Elvis.
She was, she was pretty, pretty special gal.
Miss her terribly.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
So we're going to find out how
This all works.
Deception runs deep.
What false prophets look like in real life?
And there's a lot of them running around.
Most of them, I believe, unwittingly.
And I'll explain that as we go to the open slide for this presentation.
Let's go to the next slide to set up the stage from a biblical perspective.
Jesus said in Matthew 24, 24, for false messiahs and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and wonders to deceive
if possible, even the elect.
And if you look at Exodus chapter 7, you will see that Satan can imitate God and perform all kinds of things that we would
look at as miracles, but they're not in the name of God.
They're not in the name of God's Son, Jesus Christ.
They're for the purpose of deceiving.
So it's not surprising this is happening.
It's happening in the Old Testament.
It's on steroids today.
And we're going to drill down an example that most people were duped by.
In fact, several podcast hosts that I have seen comment on the same, Tucker Carlson,
I don't know what it would be called.
It was a two-hour presentation on the medical industrial establishment.
Most of them bought into, in fact, everyone that I saw bought into the narrative that they're selling.
All right, so let's go to the slide five, Don.
And what we're going to do here is we're going to break down this Tucker Carlson interview with these two people claiming that they have the solution to America's health crisis.
And I'm not saying anything bad about the three of these, you know, Tucker or Casey or Callie here.
They're just likely unwitting participants in Satan's long game.
That's the way that I see it.
And what we're gonna do is take this interview and break it down into several segments and then see how deception works and how we can be ultimately prepared so that we're not deceived.
All right, so let's play the clip that goes with this slide, Don, as the introduction.
Sibling team Casey and Callie means joined the Tucker Carlson show a few days ago to discuss the disturbing trend of sick care in North America They discussed everything from the toxic food supply and pharmaceutical industry to the corrupted, right?
So the first thing I'm gonna interrupt and say is that notice this is I believe in Australian news source But it's definitely not American and it has international Meddling with it.
So
Already you have this foreign component, which I don't like.
Tucker Carlson is being used around the world in different ways, depending on, again, where your narrative was.
The people in Australia have a very different feeling for what went on than what happened
in America because they believe that the lockdown saved them from the first waves.
And so depending on where this is being broadcast, it has a different tint.
And see, I want to remind you of that, especially because they're using this Rebel News.
Oh, it's Canadian, sorry.
regulators that let them get away with putting profits over real health and wellness, generating lifelong customers instead of incentivizing cures.
Casey is a former Stanford Medical School trained surgeon and co-founder of Levels, a health technology company aiming to reverse the global metabolic health crisis.
With a BA in honors and an MD from Stanford, where she also served on the faculty, Casey left a thriving career in conventional medicine to focus on addressing the root causes of America's skyrocketing health issues.
Her brother, Callie, is a Harvard Business School grad with firsthand experience in how corrupt the food and pharma industries are.
He co-founded TruMed, a company dedicated to enabling Americans to purchase healthy food tax-free.
I'm calling that the setup.
Of course, we have Tucker Carlson, a podcaster in the business worldwide.
And then we have a Stanford Harvard grad.
So you'd think, OK, this is going to be great.
They are going to lay out some major truth for us.
And this is how Satan works.
Satan isn't standing outside of a church or a building that is satanic.
with a red suit and a pitchfork warning us as to what's going to happen.
It's through a deception.
And this sets up the second deception, which will go to the next slide, Don, is that Satan always weaves truth in with lies.
So some truth is the enemy of the truth.
And let's play the clip that's related to the slide, Don.
and
if you had obesity.
Sideshow fat, yeah, was so unusual.
It was so unusual.
It is now 74% of our country, 77% of young adults are unfit to serve in the military because of these issues like obesity.
Now let's talk about diabetes. 50%.
a full 50 percent of American adults have pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes which is a fundamental issue in how ourselves, half the country Tucker, have pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes and 30 percent of teens now have pre-diabetes.
This was a condition that no pediatrician would have seen in their lifetime 50 years ago.
One percent of Americans in 1950s
in 1950 had type 2 diabetes.
We have 18% of teens with fatty liver disease, a disease that used to be in late stage alcoholics.
Cancer rates are skyrocketing in the young and the elderly.
Young adult cancers are up 79%.
And this is the first year in American history we're estimated to have over 2 million cases of cancer.
25% of American women are on an antidepressant medication
40% of 18-year-olds have a mental health diagnosis.
We have the highest infant and maternal mortality rate in the entire developed world, despite sending 2x on infant and maternal care than any other country.
So you have a higher risk of dying as a woman giving birth in America than any other developed country in the world.
Autism rates in kids are 1 in 36 nationally.
This was 1 in 1,500 in the year 2000.
And the screening has not changed.
Forces that are creating slow, progressive illness starting now in fetal life that allow patients to be profitable and on the pharma treadmill for their entire lives.
They make us sick, but they don't kill us.
And then we are drugged for life.
So I'm going to assume every one of her facts is true.
I know, I'm familiar with many of them.
And this is how we get sucked into things that are deception.
Satan did this first in Genesis chapter three, when he deceived Adam and Eve, when he said, did God really say that was the first deception?
And then the first lie, which he combined some truth, but not the truth when he said,
by partaking in this fruit, you can be like God, knowing the difference between good and evil.
So while that is partially true, it's not all the way true because Satan could never
can only know evil and less evil.
All right, so then one particular statistic that I'm going to take issue with her on is the subject of the next slide, Don.
You can move to that, which is she said 50% of the country has prediabetes.
And that's simply flat out not true, and this clip proves it.
Go ahead, Don.
Nice.
Went to the doctor to get checked out.
He said, everything's really good.
He goes, I do want to let you know, though, you are prediabetic.
And I was like, oh, all right.
Who isn't, right?
Why would you even tell me that?
Do I have diabetes?
He goes, no.
But I could get diabetes?
He goes, yes.
OK.
Do you have diabetes?
He goes, no.
I go, but could you get diabetes?
He said, I guess so.
I go, let me tell you something, you're pre-diabetic.
You know, laughter is good for the soul.
And Grace, she had quite a sense of humor.
And it took me about a year after her death to get mine back.
And it's back.
And I'm glad to weave in a few things in a serious podcast now and then.
Hopefully, I remember the other one that I thought of for this podcast later on.
All right, let's go to slide eight, Don.
So an easy way to get people into the less evil trap and be on your side is to use boogeyman and to use subtle lies and blaming and then throw in the boogeyman and you've got people in the less evil trap and on your side almost exclusively.
It seems like no one's awake to this.
So let's play this next clip down and it will show this in a very distinct way.
You know, we're debating on the margins right now, on the left and the right, about how to change page 300 of Medicare Part D. Unless we're attacking the core incentive that was embedded by Obamacare, which was probably the deadliest law passed in recent history, what Obamacare did is it ingrained the incentive that the medical system makes more money when people get sicker.
Where did all these pesticides that have destroyed our life-giving soil and are creating a fragile food system, which is going to create a food crisis at some point, where did they all come from?
Nazi Germany, right?
Hitler was developing chemicals of war and trying to create agriculture solutions to create more food yields for Germany.
And some of these pesticides, these organophosphate chemicals, were turned directly into sprays that were putting on all our food.
The interrelationship between Nazi Germany and what's being sprayed on every piece of food in the United States is deeply linked, and we need to think about that.
Right.
15 percent of that.
One other thing I just want to say, this is being federally subsidized by the government to the farm bills.
We haven't spoken about the farm bills, but you think about this funneling of money that's happening and how the government in a way is working against us.
And I don't think it's nefarious at all.
I think people just don't understand.
We've talked to so many Congress people.
They just don't understand the health effects of all these things that are happening.
So Congress doesn't understand.
It's not nefarious.
I mean, that's laughable.
I'm going to comment on that because I've spent many, many podcasts commenting about where our government fits in this overall psyop that we're living through.
But blaming Obamacare, blaming the Nazis.
Let's go to the next slide, Don.
I want to share some facts.
Relative to Obamacare, I've shared this before, Section 1553 authorized euthanizing our population.
Eugenics, so we blame the Nazis for eugenics.
Hitler himself said, there is today one state in which at least weak beginnings toward a better conception are noticeable.
Of course, it is not our model German Republic, but the American Union.
This picture below the Hitler quote is from 1929 at the Kansas Fair in Topeka, Kansas.
and they were having a eugenics contest already in 1920.
Can you read this bottom thing?
It says here, it says here, the winners of the fitter family contest, winners of a fitter family contest stand outside the eugenics building at Kansas Free Fair in Topeka, Kansas, where families are registered for the contests, judging which family was most likely to produce good children.
This is the same group of people from which all of these vaccinologists descend.
The same group of people that wrote this book.
The same group of people that, the same guy that wrote this book.
The same guy that wrote this book.
They're all the same people that think that it's our duty as a species to put our big boy pants on and take control of our evolution.
At this time, it was still considered normal to talk about it and consider the possibility that some people just should be sterilized for the betterment of the future.
Not at all dissimilar from what is always in history attributed exclusively to Hitler and the Nazis.
As if there weren't significant numbers of people in the United States, rich people advocating for exactly the same kind of
behavior you want to read books about it read these two books about it the war against the weak that's this one by edwin black and you want to read another book it's called the oxford handbook of the history of eugenics these two books they're uh pretty hard to sit and read all in one sitting but these two books are exhaustive
compilations of this history that goes right back to early America.
Around the same time that, you know, all these other mythologies are instead inserted, like, you know, the Spanish flu of 1918 that killed 100 million people, according to Donald Trump.
And we know eugenics goes way before 1929, but the United States and the current eugenics movement was the one who started this up again.
Also, remember that the guy, the Jesuit priest that wrote the book that I just got via eBay, which is actually in my bedroom right now, so I don't have it to show you, called, The Phenomenon of Man.
That book was written in the 30s, but not published till the 50s, and the guy who wrote the introduction is Julian Huxley.
These people have a plan.
They were telling us what they were going to do.
It was an announcement of a plan, of what these learned men had decided the smartest humans needed to take control of the governance, and that nation-states would get in our way of this.
and the Nazis adopted our eugenics program.
And that's essentially what we're under today yet in the methodology to reduce the population.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don, because until you understand that this is a spiritual agenda, you cannot see what they're talking about as false.
They have you in a dialectic that they believe that this can be fixed.
When you see it's a spiritual agenda, you see that this has been going on for a long, long time.
Fortunately, we can be awake to it because Satan is bound by the principle of Genesis 18, 17.
And in Genesis 18, God
said to Abraham, shall I withhold from Abraham what I'm about to do?
This is before he destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah.
Well, that's a biblical principle.
Since Satan is under God, even though Satan is the prince of this world, he is still bound by the same principles of God, which he's got to let us know what he's going to do before he does it.
And this is at a brazen level today, but this has been going on for a long time.
I traced it back the first
time to the Hippocratic Oath in 400 BC, which most people believe through the programming the Hippocratic Oath is first, do no harm.
But it is really an oath to satanic gods.
If you're interested in drilling that down, I did a two-part podcast on it a little over a month ago.
The whole virology vaccine scion started in the 1880s.
Already in the early 1900s, there were doctors speaking out against it because they were seeing
cancer only in patients who were vaccinated.
This is already in the early 1900s.
So this this PSYOP is
still controlling our country.
The Jacobson versus Massachusetts Supreme Court decision made sure that the PSYOP can continue legally.
Satan is a legalist, and Jacobson versus Massachusetts is still the controlling law today.
I'm gonna tell you what it said.
So this was a Supreme Court decision decided 7-2 in favor of the state of Massachusetts.
Jacobson was a pastor who didn't wanna take the smallpox vaccine, and the court said,
Quote, in every well-ordered society charged with the duty of conserving the safety of its members, the rights of the individual in respect of his liberty may at times, under the pressure of great dangers, be subject to such restraint to be enforced by reasonable regulations as the safety of the general public may demand.
And so what does that break that down?
In the pressure of great dangers,
So they have convinced the society that viruses are a great danger.
And so consequently we need vaccines.
This is all a psyop.
We need vaccines because of this great danger of viruses.
That's how they were able to pull COVID off and where it's gone today.
I'm going to have some brand new slides that I put together for this presentation because we're helping a lady in a hospital right now to get out and the,
Fact is, hospitals are under military control today in America, and it's under this principle of collectivism, where the stake in the ground was put in there legally with Jacobson versus Massachusetts.
You know, collectivism as a concept
is not inherently wrong.
We've got to take care of the good of society versus the good of the individual.
That's not inherently wrong.
But what happens is it becomes wrong when that becomes the goal.
So right now they've convinced
us that people are too expensive.
We have 135 million people on Medicare and Medicaid.
The cost is well over 50% of the annual federal budget.
People are too expensive, so we've got to hasten their death.
And so public health is really public death because the cost is well over 50% of the annual federal budget.
50% of the annual federal budget is Medicaid and Medicare.
How many times can we say that out loud?
How many times can we say it out loud that what a great way to save costs?
And they knew this was coming.
That's why I reemphasize this population pyramid idea.
They knew this was coming.
I assure you, they knew this was coming and they used it as part of this orchestration in addition to the opioid crisis, which took our life expectancy age down a little bit, but the excess deaths,
You know, those are just raw numbers across all age groups and nobody's making a useful attempt at differentiating or even trying to see if we would have expected this bump anyway.
If we could have just, you know, smooshed them together a little bit to get a bigger bump.
which is a lot of what somebody like Jessica Hockett could be pointing out, but instead, she's focused very specifically on the fact that there was 25,000 people dead in New York, but actually she didn't see any bodies, so maybe nobody died.
That's a little different than murder now, isn't it?
They're all traitors, ladies and gentlemen.
They're all traitors and they're all part of the same illusion.
They're trying to take all of these known phenomenon and contort them into a mystery virus or a lie about a mystery virus, but not murder.
And so public health is really public death because
Public health means we've got too many people.
So for the good of the entire country, the good of the world, we've got to reduce the population.
That's what public health is today.
The Flexner Report became a major stake in the ground that is the start of allopathic or conventional medicine.
All other modes were labeled as quackery.
So with the Flexner Report, we had chiropractic, naturopathic, osteopathic,
all labeled as quackery in favor of trust the science.
This is where trust the science came from out of the Flexner Report.
Well, when the government can lie to us about science, you can obviously see where that goes.
Medicare and Medicaid are already referenced past July 30th, 1965 by design.
The whole goal was to create a idea that, oh, we can have free healthcare once we're 65 years old.
And we pay into that now through a payroll tax deduction
Unbelievably, in the Clinton administration, they married Social Security and Medicare.
So once you choose to take Social Security, you are automatically under Medicare, and the Medicare and Medicaid standards of care apply to the whole country.
The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services writes the standards of care for the entire country, and those standards of care are designed to hasten our death.
Ultimately, this is what these two
educated people are completely missing.
They do not see this as a spiritual battle at all.
And you're going to see the Casey comment about her view of spirituality as we get to the closing slide relative to this presentation.
Let's go to the next slide then, Don, please.
All right, so we're going to play a clip next about what they consider the solution to this problem being.
And ultimately, what they're going to say is King, make rules.
And that is like the tail wagging the dog, because the government, you're going to see in one of my slides coming up, the government has become a tool of Satan.
So to say that we're going to have the government fix the problem
that the government was involved with creating, of course it makes no sense.
But go ahead and play the clip, Don.
An executive order tomorrow could make it that USDA panelists cannot take money from food companies.
What an idea.
It can sign an executive order tomorrow that NIH grants can't go to conflicted researchers.
80% of them currently go to conflicted researchers.
You could sign an executive order tomorrow that the FDA should stop being funded by pharma.
75% of their funding comes from pharma.
75% of the FDA's funding doesn't come from taxpayer, it comes from pharma, and there's a revolving door, as we all know, where people go from the FDA to pharma.
Institutions in the D.C., as we both know, are built to grow.
The FDA grows when the pharma's influence grows.
The FDA should be an independent organization.
It's not.
That's an executive order tomorrow.
So you just rob the conflicts of interest out of these things.
Personnel, assign doctors that we both know onto the USDA nutrition panel and have the president, have the secretary of the treasury, because we're going bankrupt from healthcare costs, have the secretary of defense, because 77% of young adults aren't eligible to join the military, have them say, we are not banning any company, we're not even giving public policy recommendations, but we are saying from a medical perspective,
that we should reduce all the processed food consumption among children?
We got to this point in our society because we tacitly approved all of these things because we didn't want to rely on God and ultimately the only way out of this is repentance.
The idea of having a king
make executive orders, we already see how that works.
Because the next king obviously reverses the edicts from the king before.
So it just, it is an absolutely crazy solution.
And I'm shocked that two people with their brain power would even suggest it.
But this shows you they have no idea that this is a spiritual battle.
And that is our major way that we can be prepared for the deception that we are getting bombarded with 24 seven.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
This is very interesting when you peel back executive orders and I picked this particular.
I just want to emphasize what Scott said there.
And what Scott is saying in that whole diatribe that that guy did, he was talking about how this could be an executive order, and that could be an executive order, and that could be an executive order.
And so it was really like a little hypnotic spell that he was casting on us to say that, yeah, if we could just get the right guy in there and then he could do executive orders, we could have all this stuff fixed in a few weeks.
I mean, imagine if we could get Donald Trump in there and he would let Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
do that stuff.
Maybe we could even get lucky enough to have Robert Malone head the CDC or U.S.
Emirate or maybe even better, the FDA.
Hell, why don't we just get rid of the FDA?
Because Kevin McKernan says the FDA just gets in the way all the time anyway.
For goodness sakes, an EUA was almost 10 pages of forms to fill out.
Bombarded with 24-7.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
This is very interesting when you peel back executive orders, and I picked this particular one.
This is courtesy of Pete Chambers, Executive Order 13-295, because this is the executive order that got in place well before COVID to be able to pull COVID off and what's going on today.
So you can see in this executive order, April 1st of 2025, SARS was already identified.
Then they expanded the whole quarantine program
and included Monkeypox.
No surprise that Monkeypox now has a World Health Organization public health emergency behind it, I think on August 15th.
We're going to cover that here in just a little bit.
So this is how executive orders end up working out.
You have an executive order that in theory has good intentions, but by the time it trickles down, the Chevron doctrine from 1984 has also been the law of the land up until just over two months ago when it was overturned.
So what happens once something happens like an executive order, then all these bureaucracies end up getting to implement it.
And the implementation is always nefarious.
and it is on steroids, as you're going to see with these new slides that I put together later on in this presentation.
So, Don, before we go to the next slide, let's play the clip that's associated with this slide.
Go ahead.
So I'm absolutely certain acute respiratory illnesses are not infectious or contagious.
There's a hundred years of evidence to say that, and I've not persuaded my wife completely of this, but I am sure of it.
So when they tell you there's bird flu going around, it's like, no, no, no, there isn't.
They may well be ill, but they're not, poor little sweetie pie, it's not going to cough up some pathogen and make you sick.
It's a PSYOP.
It's an absolute psyop.
You're more likely to catch dolphin influenza.
I'm certain about that because I've read the bloody literature.
I've read the hundred years of literature that says that attempts to transmit people who've got colds
They put them in rooms with people who didn't have colds, and then followed them for several weeks, and did the same experiment by putting two healthy people in a room.
And the question was, how many of the recipients in each case would get sick?
And you'd be pretty sure, wouldn't you, that if colds were transmissible, that more people would get cold symptoms in the next few weeks if they sat for an hour or two with someone with a cold.
They don't.
It's been published about 40 times.
So, sorry.
That's your mental model.
It's wrong.
So you can't catch a cold?
No.
And when people think, when people think, oh no, well you say that, Dr. Yeen, but I know that I had a cold, and I definitely caught it from the guy in the office.
I put it to you.
I have thought about this, because it is not incumbent on me to come up with an explanation for how they do work, given I've shown you that you're being lied to.
But I just think it's easier if I give you some suggestions.
Common colds are sufficiently common that if you have one, it's not that unlikely that someone known to you, family member or friend, will also get a cold in the next short period of time.
And when that happens, the person who got it second thinks they got it from you.
It's consistent with contagion, but it isn't.
The other one is, whatever it is that causes these acute symptoms, I think there will be an environmental contribution.
Maybe it's too hot, too cold, too dry, too much pollen, or whatever it is.
Well, you and that person you think you got it from shared some of that environment.
or some of the food.
So I think it's coincidence and shared environments.
That's what explains contagion.
Wait, what?
In colds are sufficiently common.
I had a cold and I definitely... You can't catch a cold?
No.
and when people think when people think oh no well you say that dr jean but i know wow good catch jason that was impressive nobody was clapping in the few front rows that was impressive but it sure sounded like they clapped it's wrong so you can't catch a cold no
And when people think, when people think, oh no, while you say that, I know that I had a cold and I definitely caught it from the guy in the office.
I put it to you.
I have thought about this because it's not incumbent on me to come up with an explanation, right?
For how they do work, given I've shown you that you're being lied to.
But I just think it's easier if I keep you safe.
I want to watch that one more time.
I'm sorry, but that's really striking.
That's your mental model.
It's wrong.
So you can't catch a cold?
No.
And when people think, when people think, oh no, well you say that, Dr. Eden, but I know that I had a cold and I definitely caught it from the guy in the office.
I put it to you.
I have thought about this because it's not incumbent on me to come up with an explanation, right, for how they do work, given I've shown you that you're being lied to.
But I just think it's easier if I give you some suggestions.
Common colds are sufficiently common that if you have one, it's not that unlikely that someone known to you, family member or friend, will also get a cold in the next short period of time.
And when that happens, the person who got it second thinks they got it from you.
It's consistent with contagion, but it isn't.
The other one is, whatever it is that causes these acute symptoms, I think there will be an environmental contribution.
Maybe it's too hot, too cold, too dry, too much pollen, or whatever it is.
Well, you and that person you think you got it from shared some of that environment.
or some of the food.
So I think it's coincidence and shared environments.
That's what explains contagion.
So that was Dr. Michael Yeadon.
He was the chief scientific officer and vice president of Pfizer before he woke up.
And he is sharing the truth relative to the virology agenda.
So this executive order that we just got done going through presumes
virology is true.
And so then you're in the trap.
And so if you start arguing against the executive order, you're giving credence to the idea that, well, the whole, we shouldn't control people like this, but then you're giving credence to the virology agenda.
He's calling a spade a spade and saying, you know, this whole thing is a psyop and he's right.
You know, so then what I want to do is, is,
give you a tool, and it's a tool all of us knew when we were kids.
We asked why until we got to the truth.
Why, why, why?
You know, it's irritating sometimes as an adult when you have young kids to keep asking why.
Well, it's because they have that natural inquisitive
piece of their personality that we wreck as adults because we want them to just be quiet and obey.
Well, the reality is if we ask, until you know the why, you know nothing.
If we keep asking enough why questions, so why do we believe that viruses exist?
Why do we believe that vaccines are the solution to these viruses?
Why, why, why?
And an old story that was told to me when I first learned this, you know, when we had our, the first two kids, Travis and Jess, they were asking a lot of why questions.
It was fun for me.
They would ask like crazy.
And I realized, oh my gosh, parents wrecked this.
And I enjoyed it very much.
And when kids are ages, you know, five to nine in that range, it is the most fun time because they just keep asking questions over and over and over.
And at that time I was looking into this and I was told the story about a young man who got married.
His wife made their first meal, and she made a roast, and she cut off both ends of the roast.
And so he asked her, what's the deal?
Why did you cut off both ends of the roast?
She said, well, that's the way my mom did it.
So he wasn't satisfied.
So he went to his mother-in-law and said, hey, your daughter made the first meal.
It was a roast.
She cut off both ends of the roast.
And she said, it's because you taught her that.
So what's the reason you did it?
And my mom taught me that.
So, you know, fortunately grandma was still alive and he went to grandma and said, you know, told her the story that I'm telling you.
And grandma answered him and said, I cut off both ends because it wouldn't fit into the pan.
And so now we blindly.
follow these things without asking any questions.
We just assume viruses exist and they're deadly and that we've got to protect ourselves with vaccines.
And this PSYOP has been going on for so long.
And I'm not
I'm not an expert on viruses, not viruses, but what I do know is that when we let fear control us, we end up doing things that are against God's way.
God made us fearfully and wonderfully made.
He made us to inhabit the earth.
He knew whatever there was going to be, whatever sickness, our body would handle it.
And he doesn't want us to rely on men for the solutions.
And now I see this, the satanic,
view of things and I see, oh my gosh, they created this whole idea back in the 1880s and now they've got kids taking 80 vaccinations before they can go to the public full system and be indoctrinated.
That's how bad things are.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
This slide emphasizes what I just said, that this whole presentation that Tucker Carlson had is out of touch with the historic programming.
And we know the vaccination agenda, but here's how deep this is.
This is a lady who's programmed in the system.
She's a nurse.
And our daughter, Jessica, found this on Facebook about a month and a half ago, and she's posted it.
So obviously she really believes in the vaccination agenda to the extent that she would
violate a law to do it.
So she wrote, as a labor and delivery nurse, it was up to me to inject the newborn.
Even back then, over 30 years ago, we had patients that would refuse.
I know that it was their right as parents to refuse, but as not only a nurse, but also a mother, I just could not send a baby home defenseless.
I know what I did was not right, but I would inform the parents I was taking the baby to weigh him or her on a more precise scale and then take them to the nursery and inject them.
Just had to do it.
No baby was going to bleed out on my watch in spite of the parent's stupidness.
So that's outside of a hospital.
Well, inside of a hospital, Medicaid, Medicaid, Medicaid.
What's going on here is this is a picture
We, my wife and I are involved helping a lady in a hospital right now.
She has special needs.
She's 59 years old.
And last week on Monday, not Labor Day, but the Monday before we went to visit her and my wife took her a pad and paper.
Well, we went back.
Uh, my wife went back on Wednesday and this is what she had written.
in the notebook.
So my wife was questioning the nurses and what they're trying to do is medicate her.
So she wrote in the notebook, no pain meds.
She can't talk because she's on a ventilator with a trach.
So she can't talk.
So she's writing in this notebook, call 911, call the police, no pain meds.
She knows they're trying to medicate her.
uh you know just she points to the pain level on the board and and she points to a pain level four instantly the nurse wants to give her a pain med and she's she's waving them off she waves her hand no no no they just won't listen they want to medicate medicate medicate and the reason is is because she's on she is one of the low-hanging fruit because she has special needs she's been on social security and medic in the medicare system her whole life
All right, you wanna see how bad the vaccinate, vaccinate, vaccinate agenda is.
Israel agreed to a three-day ceasefire so that they could implement the polio vaccine.
I mean, what?
I mean, that's how deep this vaccination psyop is worldwide.
All right, let's go to the next.
Next slide, Don.
All right, as you learn to zoom out a little bit, you start seeing satanic symbolism.
So we have Casey is going to explain her view of spiritualism relative to what's going on and how the sun takes care of us, and it's essentially a form of sun worship.
You know, God warns against this.
He says,
People are going to worship the creation instead of the Creator and exchange the truth about God for that lie.
And that's happening today.
We worship Mother Earth.
Mother Earth doesn't have enough resources, so we've got to control the population.
That's where all this comes from.
Go ahead and play the clip that's related, Don.
And I think, you know, on the biggest macro level, like the kind of the most zoomed out spiritual level, like I think, you know, what we have to realize is that like, we are miracles, like every human is a miracle.
This life is a miracle.
Like this is weird.
I mean, spiritual beings having this insane experience on planet Earth.
And fundamentally, the thing that we're doing with metabolic health is we're making energy in the body, right?
The way we're doing that is we're taking food that got its energy from the sun, right?
Like the sun literally
photosynthesis happens, it creates starches in plants and then we eat them or animals eat them.
And what metabolism is, is taking the starches that are stored energy from the sun through photosynthesis, liberating it in our bodies to create energy to fuel our minds and to fuel our bodies so that we can think and reach our highest purpose.
And right now, in the vast majority of Americans, our toxic food system is blocking that process, which means it's blocking the miraculous process of essentially taking this beautiful, this is not woo-woo, this is just fact of science, taking this universal sun, light, energy, and liberating it to fuel our lives.
That is broken.
This is dark.
This is very dark.
Americans are not only sick, but the core process of being able to create
you know, and transform energy is broken.
And we need to fix this because we need all hands on deck right now in America to solve these big issues.
And we need to be thinking properly, feeling good.
And we can rapidly with some of these simple changes.
So again, you hear some truth.
We do have toxic foods from not just the air, but the chemicals that have been sprayed on the foods.
I mean, it's terrible.
So no doubt that that piece is truth, but wrap it into the idea, the trick here is worship the sun, worship the creation instead of the creator who made the sun.
You know, the God of the universe made the sun and he's the only one who can get us out of this.
All right, let's go to the next slide.
I want to share a story here.
I'm calling this slide the Boiling Frog.
In this clip,
or this interview, I should say, not this clip, but this interview had already 2.2 million views, 113,000 likes and 17,000 comments.
And these three comments, I'll just read them and I'll share why I'm calling this the boiling frog.
Tucker getting canned by Fox was one of the greatest things to happen to human society.
The information his platform now provides and his willingness to touch subjects that are untouchable is invaluable.
especially in this world of lies we have come to discover.
Of course, the person writing this doesn't realize they were just watching a lie.
Next one.
This interview should be mandatory viewing for everyone in medical school, all current doctors, and anyone who still trusts the U.S.
food and medicine industries.
We need to wake up.
Well, first, I would be against anything that's mandatory, because that isn't how God works.
But just think this through.
What is the real problem?
The doctors are programmed into the allopathic medical system, and it was by design.
So watching one lie is certainly not going to wake them up.
President Trump needs to appoint Casey and Kelly in his administration.
Yeah, that's a
You know, the whole all of my comments have covered that already.
So the boiling frog, the boiling frog phenomena says that we cannot sense one degree changes.
None of us can.
So we have we slowly boil to death.
So the frog doesn't is in the pot.
The pot temperature is 70 degrees.
You turn up the temperature one degree at a time.
The frog cannot sense a one degree temperature change, so it ends up boiling to death.
But we're at that point right now.
People can't sense what is going on.
They can't tell the difference between truth and lies.
The programming is so deep.
The public fool system has trained out critical thinking.
And I have a neat story about the boiling frog that I thought of when I put this together.
And it came from a funeral.
We went to a funeral two summers ago.
Or no, it was last summer.
and it was a high school classmate.
She had married a man from the class ahead of us, and he died of a heart attack.
And we went to the funeral, and his son was telling about how his dad was a prankster, and I couldn't get enough of this.
So his dad worked in an office setting where they had cubicles, and the cubicles were movable, and what he would do
is he took the cubicle and the three sides of the cubicle, and he moved them a half inch, all three sides, a half inch in every day.
And I just couldn't get enough of that.
Can you imagine the guy that he's doing that to, and all of a sudden, you can't sense that half inch a day.
And all of a sudden, your cubicle, you can't get it in anymore.
Anyway, I just enjoyed that humor.
I thought it was, I wish I would have thought of it first.
That's how good it was.
But anyway, that's the boiling frog phenomena illustrated.
All right, so why are we so deceived?
Let's go to the next slide.
Why did we fall for this stuff?
five things, say more, but these are the five that are top of mind as to why we're so easily deceived.
First of all, we want a king.
You know, this was exposed by God in 1 Samuel chapter 8.
God even warned the people, this is what a king is going to do.
You're going to become a slave to the king.
And they still wanted the king.
And God said, okay, He said the same, give them their king.
But when they realized what the king did,
I don't have them come crying to me because I'm done with them.
They wanted a king.
And we've been under that for a long time.
It isn't just the next king that people are all in favor of.
But we've been wanting a king for a long, long time instead of taking responsibility and being submissive to the God of the universe.
All right.
Believing one of the big lies, no one would do this.
We're inherently good.
Satan has weaved a number of gigantic whoppers into our society.
And one of the big ones that is against what the Bible says is that we are inherently good.
In fact, we're inherently bad and in desperate need of a savior.
So when you start telling people about hospital murders, you start telling people about the vaccine agenda, they just can't, they don't want to accept that because they believe that nobody would do that.
It can't be that bad, Scott.
I hear this regularly, heard it again over Labor Day weekend.
Number three,
they, which is the globalists, get us to unwittingly participate through the illusion of choice.
And the illusion of choice that is top of mind right now is elections.
So we will see shortly that governments are in total control
by the satanic agenda.
And so we get this illusion of choice, and we end up participating in our own demise.
And then by tacitly approving, we become the boiling frog in this banality of evil.
And there's an example that I have
recently come across with CMS when they wrote the procedures for COVID.
So first, you know, everybody in CMS isn't an evil person.
They're unwittingly participants.
So they believe the COVID narrative.
Now they've got to write rules and regulations, which included not allowing family members in the hospital.
So they're an unwitting participant in this banality of evil.
Hannah Arendt coined that phrase, banality of evil, when she saw the same thing happening when she studied the Adolf Eichmann trial for World War II.
Then she saw, well, they had everybody in on it.
Everybody was participating in their own demise in this banality of evil.
Evil became so common, we didn't even recognize it.
Fourth one, we don't see the matrix of the world as spiritual warfare.
When Jesus said Satan is the prince of this world, the prince of this world created the matrix.
He created both the evil side and the less evil side, and God warned us that he would do that when he exposed Satan's nature, his dualistic nature in Revelation 13, the antichrist nature and the false prophet nature.
And Satan has successfully weaponized public health.
Again, God warned us, Revelation 18, 23,
Satan would deceive us with pharmakia and sorcery.
Prior programming has made conventional medicine an idol.
I mean, hardly anybody has been alive before the Flexner Report.
So now all of us grew up with the idea of trusting the white coat, the lie of the Hippocratic Oath, first do no harm.
And so we're just programmed to trust the doctor.
And so conventional medicine has become an idol, partially because we're lazy.
We want a pill to fix everything.
All right, then the last one.
maybe the most surprising because of what I thought of the church beforehand, and compared to what I think of it now, the church doesn't preach the truth.
And this example I'm gonna give you is from Ephesians 6, 12, that God is telling us our war on this earth is spiritual.
He wrote, for we wrestle against
or we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, and against worldly governors, the princes of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness, which are in ye high places.
All right, so the question I have, anybody who has a Bible, take out your Bible and see if the underlying piece is in your Bible.
This is how subtle this is.
I learned that the copyright law, so when a new Bible is copyrighted, they have to change the Bible that they took by at least 10% to get the copyright.
All right, so why would this be taken out?
This was from the Geneva Bible in the 1500s.
Well, it's because what God said in 1 Samuel Chapter 8 were these governments that are put in place and these kings that are put in place,
They're part of the satanic system.
And he says this right plainly in Ephesians 6, 12.
But if your Bible doesn't say this and the church doesn't preach it, it's all gone.
So we have this whole psyop going on.
It's our civic duty to vote.
And the churches are all 501c3.
So they can't get involved with politics and all this crap that has happened.
And ultimately, we have churches now that
preach watered-down versions of Romans 13 and 14, so we're completely not prepared.
Romans 13, briefly, is we've got to obey the government, and they've really watered it down, obey the government at all costs, even when they are doing things like satanic mandates.
And then the chapter 14, Romans 14, is the get-along chapter.
We just need to get along with everybody.
Well, that's simply not true.
Jesus came to bring a sword, so we can't call sin sin anymore in most churches.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
This illustration shows... I would like to just throw out there the idea that sits in my head from Catholicism and my understanding of reverence for God.
and the need of a savior was that no matter how good you were, you weren't going to be pure enough to be in the presence of God.
Like that's just the idea, right?
If there is some supreme being that is the creator of everything that we are and everything that we have,
Then no matter what we do as a follower or as a disciple or as a faithful, we're always going to make mistakes.
We're always going to falter.
And so we're never going to be pure enough to be worthy of being in that presence.
And so then we needed someone to take that burden for us.
And that's what I understand Jesus as having been, that the Son of God was sent to the earth
to be that, to pay that price for everybody that by their very nature, they couldn't pay themselves, that they would never be worthy in order to be worthy.
That's kind of how I understand it.
And you know, there could be plenty of priests and plenty of other people out there that can tell me that that's ridiculous, but I have a personal relationship with God, like I think is instructed in the Bible.
And so I keep it off the stream as much as possible.
I don't work like Scott works, but I'm praying and I'm thinking very much in the context of the irreducible complexity
being all the evidence that I need that there is a creator worth exalting and that's what that's what motivates me to share Scott's work because we share that in common right this understanding of this great mystery of which we are a part there's no doubt but it uh
It's becoming a frightening thing when it's so few and far between.
We have Joe Marshall, we have Scott Shara, Mark Kulak, and Jonathan Cooey.
And then I kind of have to stop the list because I don't know who else to list.
All this is put together on a macro basis.
And what I'm saying, the hidden public health emergency is we have too many people.
That's what's happening.
Once you come to grips with this is what they're implementing, this is what they call public health policy, is that we've got too many people.
We can't sustain this on the planet.
So for the collectivism benefit of public health, we have to reduce the population.
We don't have enough resources.
So how have they pulled this off?
Well, they pulled it off because we have a fiat currency.
So Satan has control of all the money through the occult,
Then the church, and this is what I was referencing before, and I have church in quotes because if a church is not preaching the absolute truth of God, they become an accomplice to the problem.
And ultimately, the money then is used to control big pharma, big corporations, everybody's been bought, and big pharma, big corporations controls the government.
So our illusion of
participation in choice is that, oh, we can get the right leaders.
I mean, our government has been bought for so long, and I'm not even drilling down the scythe of the American dream that we're a corporation, all of that.
I'm not even going there right now.
But you can see this, this is in fact where we are at as a society.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
We're gonna have a trilogy here, three brand new slides.
And again, I would answer Snowcat 63 with the idea that there can be more beauty and more good.
The whole idea, maybe, I don't know, I wasn't there, is that the kind of good that was created requires a sort of free will.
And that means that necessarily some parts of creation, I don't know the answer to that question.
I honestly don't.
But I think what I said earlier comes from this reverence for the sacred, this reverence for the irreducible complexity around you.
It's kind of hard to see that inside of a house with bare walls or silly pictures or even a computer screen in front of you.
But if you surrounded yourself with a forest for a few days,
you might find yourself a little bit overwhelmed by the majesty of it all, especially if you chose to go to a national forest or something like that, where more of what would be considered the natural state of nature would be preserved.
You might find yourself a little bit overwhelmed to realize that this was all, it's all you, it's all us, it's all creation, we're all part of one magical moment.
Which again, that woman was kind of saying, but not really,
because she stopped right at the sun shining on a rock for like really long time and then now we're miraculously here.
That's the illusion.
of Darwinist evolution applied to the infinite degree like Bret Weinstein does.
Bret Weinstein thinks that all other modes of thinking are derivative from evolutionary thinking, which is the most arrogant and ridiculous position that anyone has probably ever taken in the history of mankind, and yet that is the fundamental definition of Bret Weinstein.
He thinks that his line of thinking and his sort of monopoly on it in his imagination is what makes him such a significant figure.
I have something sorry caught.
If you think for a second about the first Portal podcast where Eric interviews his brother Brett and pretends to be sick of Brett not saying that he's as smart as he is and that you've got to stop being so humble because you're like one of the smartest people on earth, you can see the illusion that these people are playing on us.
And it's an irreducible complexity and a reverence for it that they are working together to dispel once and for all in our children.
And it is diabolical, it is malevolent.
What's happening with these slides is, this is what I learned since being involved with this lady over the last, we got involved the first week of July, so it's been two months now that we're involved with this special needs lady who's 59 years old in the hospital.
So she went to the hospital.
And she got a stint.
So she had a heart attack, got a stint.
Well, a stint is not a complicated procedure, but the standard of care today allows a hospital to put her on a ventilator.
So of course they put her on a ventilator.
It's so frustrating because, you know, a ventilator with COVID we saw had a 90% kill rate.
So why are they still using ventilators?
I mean, a ventilator is a tool.
But it is it not a go-to tool.
It is a tool of last resort So they put the lady on the ventilator where she's at right now.
She's in a Madison, Wisconsin hospital She is in a hospital.
That is a vent weaning hospital.
This is a specialty hospital that is there solely for vent weaning and I'm just gonna go on that rabbit trail for a minute because you can't make this stuff up.
It's a it's a hospital with a
three floors for patients, the second, third and fourth floor.
Well, the third and fourth floor are all vent weaning patients.
So these are people who are on vents in other hospitals and they ran out of their number of days that met the Medicare system would pay for in that hospital.
So then they get transferred to a vent weaning hospital.
The vent weaning hospital has to wean them off in 28 days because their benefits expire.
So, I presume after 2018... I'm going to give you an answer, Snowcat.
I just want you to do this thought experiment for a second, but can you imagine a scenario, Snowcat, where you found this on the ground?
If you found this on the ground, would there be any way for you to attribute this to natural origin?
Would you just say to yourself, well, obviously, this is, I found it in the woods.
So obviously it just, you know, evolved.
It's just a consequence of the sun shining on a rock very consistently for about 3 billion years.
And then you occasionally get these things.
So one biological angle to take would be that the more we know about biology, the harder it becomes to dismiss the idea of design.
Harder to dismiss the idea of creation of some kind or another simply because we can't explain this irreducible complexity from the standpoint of a lightning bolt hitting a mud puddle.
And we need to come to terms with that.
Because right now, this whole biology 101 is based on the idea that if a lightning bolt hits a mud puddle with the right combination of chemicals in it, that you could get amino acids.
And that eventually, if another lightning bolt hits, you might be able to get RNA or DNA.
And then eventually, they would start copying themselves.
And a few billion years later, you would have a pattern integrity that was conscious of itself, capable of free will and wars
and genetically modified organisms.
And there's just this huge gap there in terms of, you know, really being able to explain how we got here.
A huge gap that doesn't involve really any of the more interesting biological theories about the origins of life.
And even so,
tries wholeheartedly to dismiss the idea of anything divine, anything sacred, even if the irreducible complexity can't possibly be explained by any theory that we have right now.
None.
We know so little about our own biology that there is no plausible theory for our origin.
Other than a lightning bolt hitting a mud puddle with some chemicals in it.
over and over and over and over again until eventually it started, I guess.
I don't know why I went over here.
Days, they will kill the patient.
I mean, this is my first time even understanding this.
So I talked with the nurse from the Madison Hospital about the 28 days.
Just be aware though, right?
Darwin didn't believe that his theory explained everything.
Darwin knew and understood well that you couldn't take his idea and then rewind it all the way to Before the finches were on that island Only thing he's suggesting is is that some of the attributes of the finches might have changed over time But he never imagined that you could just okay if I if you add enough time there that I guess we get all the way back to a mud puddle and some molecules
He would have never imagined that, not in a million years.
And yet that's exactly where people like Brett Weinstein have taken his theories with what they would call logical deduction and conclusions.
I mean, how other would you explain it?
And I was asking him the question, well, what about physical therapy?
I mean, we got to get her out of bed.
I mean, part of healing, you got to get your lungs working.
You got to get everything working.
And so she needs physical therapy.
And he says, well, we don't do that here.
After the 28 days, she gets transferred to physical therapy.
So that's a different facility.
And what they're doing in this facility is they're completely gutted the second floor so they can
get the physical therapy component of the Medicare stay.
So assuming the patient survives the 28 days, then they can transfer them from
or third and fourth floor to second floor, and then start the X number of days of physical therapy.
It's like, oh my gosh, it's just, it's absolute insanity.
So what is going on here?
This was, this shocked me so much.
I read this on Labor Day morning.
I talked with a gentleman who does hospital rescues.
when Cindy and I were in the Madison Hospital on Sunday, and I spent about 45 minutes with him on the phone, and he got me up to speed on what I'm gonna share with you next.
So the Department of Defense has ultimate control of hospitals right now.
And so DOD is Department of Defense, MHS is Military Health System, and then DHA is Defense Health Agency.
And the Defense Health Agency has a public health division.
and the public health division is there to satisfy their customer needs.
Well, who's the customer?
The Department of Defense.
And you can see their goal is to best accommodate the integration and evolution of future product lines.
Well, the product line for COVID was the bioweapon.
And the Brooke Jackson case exposed that the Department of Defense had a contract with Pfizer
for this product line.
That's why the- I just, I would caution Scott to be very careful about attributing these motives to the DoD.
The DoD is a toolbox.
The DoD are automatons.
The DoD is an order-taking bureaucracy.
that doesn't make very many decisions on its own.
Now, if you want to say that the decisions that the DoD made during COVID were set in motion before Donald Trump and his people took office, fine.
I don't know.
I don't care.
I don't know how that works.
But the idea of blaming the DoD really does feel like
You are blaming the Major League Baseball players for following the rules and playing the game as defined by the baseball commissioners instead of blaming the baseball commissioners for defining the game with shitty rules.
And then allowing the Major League Baseball players to take the blame for what they were made to do by their contract and by the sport that they are paid to play.
And this feels very dangerous because this completely absolves the entire executive branch from having any role in what the DOD is doing, even though the executive branch is the baseball commissioners.
It is the board of commissioners that describes the rules of the contracts, and the rules of the game, and the rules of the season, and how many games they play, and who wears what uniforms, and how many players they can have on each team.
That's all defined by a separate organization, and you've got to think of the DOD as Major League Baseball.
You cannot think of the DOD as the commissioners of Major League Baseball.
or the people that run the NCAA, you gotta think not of the collegiate athletes and the college basketball teams, but you gotta think of the NCAA and the people that define the rules under which they play.
And so the blaming the DOD here, I think is incomplete and it's dangerous and I don't like it.
So I hope that you guys will share this part of the stream with Scott and we can at least talk about this because at least above the DOD should be the executive branch here so that everybody understands like he was showing before, this is an ongoing continuation of a plan.
It's Congress, it's the executive branch, and all the traitors that are involved in this controlled demolition over the last decades.
And so DOD is a very bad place to stop because it's like blaming Major League Baseball and the Major League Baseball players for the fact that the rules in the game suck, or the game is boring, or they go to too many commercials.
You see?
The NFL commercial breaks are not the responsibility of the NFL players.
So to get mad at the NFL players for how many commercials are shown during their games would be crazy.
To get mad at the DOD for them doing what the executive branch planners have set forth in motion decades ago, as Scott just showed you, is not really the right place to start, or stop, rather.
I really think this is a mistake, which is still kind of an artifact in his presentation from his interaction with people like Sasha Latupovit.
It frightens me a lot.
because we've got to be very careful.
The DoD is composed of an awful lot of God-fearing patriots who are unwittingly, he said it in this talk, unwittingly just doing what they think is right.
And I guarantee you that the DoD is a place where a lot of people unwittingly do just what they think is right and assume that the people who are giving the orders above them have the requisite reasons for giving an order that might seem questionable on its face.
like a mandate for a transfection against a gain-of-function virus that the classified cables have suggested are going around.
Stop lying!
It's all lies, ladies and gentlemen, layers and layers of lies with people like Robert Malone and Tony Fauci very malevolently coordinating their actions over decades.
The Brooke Jackson case was just dismissed August 9th because the government convinced the judge that if this case gets out, it would go against public health policy.
Remember, public health policy is to kill us.
That's why the case was dismissed.
So this division, the public health division is in charge of implementing future product lines.
Of course, this is all things to kill us.
All right, so then let's dig further.
Let's go to the next slide, Don.
Okay, so the Bureau of Justice, they have implemented an emergency preparedness and response program that's consistent with the military being in charge.
So now when you get it down to the local police and sheriff level, they've gotta have training to implement this.
Over on the upper left-hand side, this is the belief driving all of this.
So they write, for most viral diseases, however, there is no,
cure it to medicines.
Once the person has caught the disease, it must and will run its course.
This is why the best approach to viral diseases is to prevent them from occurring by developing a vaccine against them.
So this mindset.
Wow, that's amazing.
Involved.
Remember, they're not challenging the mindset.
They're just
implementing the mindset.
Exactly.
You see they reference that we have the legal authority from Jacobson versus Massachusetts.
I referenced that before.
Wow.
And they have the legal authority to quarantine.
And this is what's going on.
Those of you who have been following our substack know that I wrote a substack a couple weeks ago regarding this lady in the hospital because she happened to be at St.
Elizabeth's Hospital first
And the family called us and said, well, you go visit her.
So Cindy and I went to go visit her.
She happened to be on the same floor that Grace was murdered in.
We get into her room.
Ten minutes after in the room, two armed guards showed up and physically removed us.
And they have the legal authority to do this because the hospitals are under military authority through the Department of Defense right now.
Okay, we're not in COVID anymore, but they're under the authority of the Department of Defense.
How is that?
Let's go to the next slide.
Connecting stats all the way.
So we have to be under a public health emergency for law enforcement to be involved
in this idea of enforcing whatever the hospital wants.
Remember, the hospital is under CMS standards of care.
So whatever the hospital wants, the law enforcement has to obey.
All right, so now what is the public health emergency?
I have the clip up on top, August 15th.
The World Health Organization declares monkeypox a public health emergency.
Okay, well, that's a psyop in and of itself, because we're not under the World Health Organization.
But they throw this stuff out in the media, and then people who don't know how this works think, well, you know.
Thank God we live in the United States where we're not under this public health emergency.
Well, we're not under that one because the health and human services secretary hasn't put us under that yet, but we are under a public health emergency.
We've been under a continuous public health emergency for decades.
So this has been going on for a long time.
And the public health emergency we're under right now, I printed it off this morning for this podcast.
It was past June 25th of 2024.
And it's called the Renewal of Determination that a Public Emergency Exists for the Opioid Crisis.
So the opioid crisis, first public health emergency passed October, not passed, was waived into law on October 26th of 2017.
Every three months a public health emergency has to be renewed.
So this one, every three months now since 2017, this public health emergency was renewed.
It was renewed again on June 25th of 24.
So you can bet in September 24th or whatever day is 90 days, this will get renewed again because they want the hospital systems, the entire medical industrial complex under
the Department of Defense so that law enforcement has to implement their agenda.
This is so sick.
It is so evil.
When I read these documents over the weekend, it's like, wow.
I've said many times, Satan is a legalist.
All right, let's go to the next slide, Don.
I got to get back to my notes here.
I started rambling a little bit.
All right.
So God warned us that this was going to happen ahead of time.
I already shared Revelation 18, 23.
So what is sorcery?
Sorcery is the use of power gained by the assistance or control of evil spirits.
You can think of it as programming.
We've been programmed.
We have, the government can legally program us.
They can legally lie to us.
So through the use of, um,
dialectics and programming, we have been lied to about almost everything.
In fact, I might even say everything.
Michael Yeadon is going to come back on and share something that will shock just about everybody.
And so then what is pharmakia?
It's poison used to manipulate and control others.
So what poison am I talking about?
Well, this would be the whole pharmaceutical industry, vaccines,
The idea of sorcery would also include the idea of virology using that power of fear that we start buying into the fear and pretty soon we're programmed because we're not asking the
the why questions anymore.
So God warned us ahead of time.
Satan is under God.
Satan has to let us know what he's going to do before he does it.
But we have to learn how to discern what is going on if we want to be prepared.
You don't have to do anything.
So but if you want to be prepared, you really have to learn how to discern.
And that's what this particular monocast is about.
All right.
Let's go to we're almost done here.
Let's go to the next slide, Don.
God said in 2 Thessalonians, chapter 2, verse 10, 12, that they perish because they refuse to love the truth and so be saved.
For this reason, God sends them a powerful delusion so they will believe the lie.
And so that all will be condemned to have not believed the truth, but have delighted in wickedness.
So what is the powerful delusion?
There's all kinds of them.
So I'm not calling one the, it's just, I would say he sends a powerful delusion.
And if you look in the, Satan is,
I mean, we can come up with a lot of these, right?
We can come up with the idea that is it a natural virus or is it a lab-leak gain-of-function virus?
Should we test vaccines for vulnerability in certain genetic backgrounds so that we can make it safe for everybody?
I don't know, look for a specific component of the vaccines that some people are vulnerable to.
These kinds of limited spectrums of debate are essentially dialectic programming, dialectic programs.
They are limited spectrums of debate, and there are people that are curating them and pretending to participate in them very vigorously, and that is how we are governed.
That is what scott is talking about here bullet using evil versus less evil dialectics And in fact, he controls both sides.
I see the great reset as the ultimate setup for the great awakening So we have revelation 13 happening esoterically in this battle for souls We have this evil being exposed So why so the angel of light can solve everything and and we willfully submit to that control structure set up by satan
All right, so I'm gonna play a clip here, Michael Heaton's gonna come back on, and he is going to do really a great job explaining the evil versus less evil dialectic with the medical industrial complex that we are living through right now.
Go ahead and play the clip, Don.
Actually, something I need to mention, I've only learned in the last three weeks, and so you probably won't have heard it, but it all fits when I say it.
You know that there was a team hero, the alternative media people, not me, people who are a hundred times more famous around the world.
I won't mention them at this particular point, but you all know who I'm thinking.
So many doctors who are Americans.
And as soon as the pandemic... Americans?
They're not just Americans.
Isn't that interesting?
There's also a lot of people from the UK, like Claire Craig and Thomas Binder and Michael Yeadon.
And there's a lot of people from the EU that spoke out too.
The ones that toured the world, though, were almost all Americans, like Stephen Hadfield and Robert Malone and Merrill Nass and Peter McCullough and Ryan Cole and Pierre Corey.
Ryan Cole may have gotten cold feet, kind of disappeared from the whole show.
He had money before the pandemic, so he might've figured it out by watching me, and then just kind of withdrew himself.
But he's going to the International COVID Summit 6 in Tokyo.
He's on the funny poster with the ships and with the, it looks like she just got out of bed, Meryl Ness, and in the center, Robert Malone, like it's some kind of movie poster.
arrived, they came up with early treatment for COVID-19, didn't they?
And they pushed and pushed and pushed.
Robert Malone did that with the idea that the domain server was actually using AI to identify those early treatments and then by fighting about those early treatments and whether or not they were being censored by the FDA or Fauci,
We bought into the illusion of the pandemic.
We bought into the mystery of the novel virus and went right along with it for almost two years.
That's what they did.
That's what Kirsch did, and Weinstein did, and Malone did, and NASS did, and the no virus people did.
Everybody did it.
I, at first I thought there was a virus and so it was great that they were coming out with treatments.
Then later when I realized there wasn't, so I thought they were, I thought, why are they pushing this stuff?
I thought, they're pushing harmless placebos on the worried well, and they're providing a belief structure that really is a pandemic.
I thought, that's why would these clever people be going out of their way to sell you this stuff?
And it's like, unfortunately, it's much worse than that.
One of the center stage drugs that they want you to take, ivermectin, is one of the most violent fertility toxins I've ever come across.
And I didn't know this, because like you, you probably didn't think to do the deep research, and I didn't.
So someone contacted me a few weeks ago with a bloody great dossier of papers that go back from its discovery, and it's unquestionably
So it shouldn't be that long, right?
The ant poison.
Around the doses you're being required, you're being suggested to take in rats and rabbits and in some limited studies in humans, it reduces the ability to conceive and to grow babies to term.
And doesn't it fit?
Doesn't it fit?
Why did this, this is nothing that's major.
on the world stage that's accidental, I'm afraid.
That's the problem.
And so now you know there's nothing major on the world stage that's accidental.
Who put Ivermectin there?
Well, the perpetrators did.
And why did they put it there?
It's like, if you don't get jabbed and avoid impacts on your facility, a good chance.
Remember that Brett Weinstein was absolutely adamant in 2021 when Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch were on his podcast that ivermectin, if given to everybody for 30 days, could get us to zero COVID, which is a realistic and moral goal.
And Robert Malone kind of said, yeah, maybe.
And Steve Kerr said, well, maybe we need 60 days.
And we also need to add silicoxib to that.
But yeah, imagine if we could force drug everybody with ivermectin and silicoxib for 60 days.
Yeah, we could get to zero COVID.
That's cool.
The domain server of DITRA was supposedly from which ivermectin was pulled because of a 3D
virtual x-ray crystallography model of two enzymes created by a snap volunteer team that Robert Malone spun up in early January because he got a call from his friend, Mike Callahan, who was embedded in China and knew that there was a novel pneumonia coming our way.
That's why him and his wife wrote a book that was sold on Amazon for a little while about the COVID.
If you will take ivermectin instead, it gets worse.
And then I'll stop talking about this because I haven't written about it yet, but it's on my mind.
There are lots of other supplements that the worried will take.
And again, I had thought it was mainly a money-making business.
All right, a money-making business, they'll sell you K2 or whatever it is.
And there's loads of things I've never heard of.
You look at them in the so-called health food store.
My wife will often ask me, what will this be?
How many long letters are there in the Delling Pod podcast image here?
How many long letters are there?
I count three.
I've said I've never heard of it.
I was originally a biochemist and toxicologist.
I've never heard of it.
I have to look it up.
It's real.
It does exist.
So I thought they were just flogging benign placebos to the worried whale just to steal money off them.
Unfortunately, it's not so.
Many of the supplements, including most of the really famous ones, hamper the elimination from your body of ivermectin.
So if you're a person that thinks, well, I'm going to take care of my health and not have the jabs, I've got this ivermectin that'll protect me, and I've got all these other supplements, and those supplements stop your body eliminating ivermectin.
It's a drug-drug, a negative drug-drug interaction.
It's like, this can't be coincidence, folks.
Okay, so that should rock most people to the core.
Some I saw this little question in the chat, which I thought was kind of funny So I thought I'd address it.
Where is God been for the last 2,000 years?
So let me let me give you my very easy answer to where is God been for the last?
2,000 years watch That's creation You could think of it as just
the breath of creation on the earth, and here we are, and now time is going forward.
I mean, what?
Does the watchmaker have to show up and regularly do much here, or as long as I wound the watch, it's gonna unwind, right?
If this was God's plan, and we're getting toward the next phase of God's plan, then the watch is still just ticking.
And what's happening is in His hands, like it always has been, whether you think of that as a time and a plan or whatever, I don't know.
But I don't need an explanation for where's God been.
He's everywhere.
He's everywhere in everything and in everyone.
He's not gone anywhere I know.
except for maybe if you put yourself in a concrete box that was 40 feet thick in all directions, then maybe there's not much in the box.
If you're not in the box and the box was empty, maybe there wouldn't be much in there.
I don't know.
It's a weird question, really, because I don't know what people expect God to be doing if he created this world and left it to us, and we're supposed to find him
I don't know really what's hard to understand about where he went.
How do we know that any solution is not?
from God, it's because the solutions being proposed, they don't acknowledge how we got here.
So consequently, there's no repentance.
What Michael Yeaton is laying out is the idea that Satan controls both sides.
The evil side, in this case, the jab, the less evil side, Ivermectin, he controls both sides.
If you're interested in drilling this down and really learning a lot,
Don and I put together a four-part series called The Matrix Revealed.
It's on the Rumble channel and all the other channels that we're on, and it breaks down this illusion of choice.
in a very detailed way.
It took me about 500 hours to put that together.
And it's about six hours of listening broken to a four part series.
And I'd encourage you to do that if you're interested in learning a lot more as to how Satan controls both sides.
All right.
So then what am I suggesting?
Let's go to the next slide.
We always got to end with some hope and
The key is repentance and after repentance.
So then what do we do?
Once we've repented for our fear of following the satanic agenda, our rejection of God, what do we do?
In Ephesians chapter 5, 15 through 17 says, pay careful attention then to how you walk, not as unwise, but as wise, redeeming the time because the days are evil.
Therefore, do not be foolish, but understand what the Lord's will is.
So redeeming the time, now we can walk without fear.
And what do we do with that time?
We're all going to be accountable someday when we meet our maker.
What do we do with our time?
And Ephesians 5, 11 says, have no fellowship with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.
So that's one thing we're responsible to do with our time after repentance.
And what I would challenge everybody to do is to understand that we are performance oriented.
And this is another one of the big lies of Satan.
We have to do something to please God.
That's a lie.
God accepts us as we are.
And then once we submit to him, his instructions become very clear.
And then our responsibility is to implement his instructions.
We're so used to, if you think about, if you're going to go hunting,
You don't fire your weapon first.
First you get ready, then you aim, then you fire.
So it's ready, aim, fire.
And so repentance gets us ready.
Aiming, we have the relationship with God, and then firing is our action after we have repented and know what God wants of us.
All right, so then let's go to a couple of quick closing slides.
So our website, if you're interested in following the research that I posted, stories about grace, our store is now up and well.
Subscribing to our newsletter is in the upper right-hand corner.
Please do so.
We have our own documentary, Breaking the Oath, that was put out in May of 2023.
We're gonna be in a film coming up here on September 18th by Children's Health Defense and theaters nationwide.
So we'd love it if you followed us and spread the word.
And then the last slide before we close with a tribute to Grace.
This is a picture outside the courthouse on July 14th of 2023.
After we had our first victory, the judge dismissed all of the motions to dismiss, and the attorney said I had to wear the suit, so I did.
Our daughter, Jessica, is on my right.
My wife, Cindy, is on the left.
We're here because they messed with the wrong girl.
God bless you all for watching.
I'm not going to come back on.
Don's going to close us out with a tribute to Grace.
Remember at the beginning, I showed you a picture of Grace in her Elvis costume.
So go ahead, Don.
You look like an angel.
Walk like an angel.
You talk like an angel, but I got wise.
You're the devil in disguise.
Oh, yes, you are.
Devil in disguise.
You fooled me with your kisses.
You cheated and you schemed.
Heaven knows how you lied to me.
You're not the way you seem.
You look like an angel, walk like an angel, talk like an angel, but I got wise.
You're the devil in disguise.
I thought that I was in heaven, but I was sure surprised.
Heaven help me, I didn't see the devil in your eyes.
You look like an angel.
Walk like an angel.
Talk like an angel.
It's interesting what Jeff says there in the chat.
The great lie of our time that God accepts us as we are.
We are only accepted when the father gets us to his son who lived perfectly.
Interesting point, Jeff.
I don't think that Grace's dad got it wrong or said it that way to be deceptive.
but more to make sure that people understand they need to be humble in the presence of God.
And I don't know what this cartoon's all about, so I guess I'm kinda, I don't know, I'm kinda done with the cartoon.
I'm gonna fast forward it a little bit.
Okay, that's probably the end of the show, okay.
That was just dedicated to Grace, of course, because she likes Elvis, so I'll let that one slide, if you will.
Let's see here.
Yeah, that was deprogramming with Grace's dad.
You can find him on Rumble at the same handle.
We need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule, and the USA is a criminal enterprise.
We need a new consensus about transfection and healthy humans always being criminally negligent, and we need a new consensus in our kids that RNA cannot pandemic.
Thank you very much for joining me and watching Scott's stream with me.
I hope you will share his work, maybe become a follower of his on Rumble.
Don't be afraid to share that original link of his stream and I will be here again tomorrow even though it's Saturday.
I'm going to try and put together a little streak of days in a row here so we'll see how far we get.
The last streak was 53 so I don't know
I'll make that or not, but we will get back to Biology 101 next week on Tuesday and Thursday along with the courses of Matt Briggs.
I apologize for this week being a little bit shoddy, but the reason why is compounded with kids in school and the transition to homeschooling and also a sick dog who needs regular injections that cause her to feel like she's having puppies.
And so I've been spending a lot of time with my dog in the morning and then a lot of time with my dog in the evening when she has this hour and a half of hormone-induced lameness.
And so that makes planning a little harder and whatever.
I'm giving you excuses that don't mean anything.
But if you liked what you saw, please go to Giga Home Biological and find a way to support the stream.
Stacy, I got your email.
I'll fix that as soon as I can today or tomorrow.
Hopefully you will see the refund and then you can let me know.
And yeah, if you wanna share this stream after broadcast, maybe consider sharing the website, thepeertubehttps://stream.gigaohm.bio.
Thank you very much and I'll see you again tomorrow.
Oh, is it a forward slash?
Sorry, I... Yeah, I'm an idiot.
All right.
Well, you see, I don't read, I don't read slashes out very often.
Yeah.
I can just say slash slash, I guess, right?
Thank you guys.
Good to see you, Jeffrey.
The first person in the chat was actually I am Katniss today You have to send me your mail and I can get the cash in the mail And like I said, I'll see you tomorrow.
I'm not sure what time it'll probably be in the morning before noon I think my boys want to go
I think they want to go to basketball at like 11 or something.
So I'll probably try to do an early morning one depending on where my daughter goes or what I can manage to do with her.
Anyway, we'll see you tomorrow one way or another, I promise.
Thanks everybody, I'll see you again tomorrow.
Happy Friday!